Java 1.8.0: Orchestration Translation (#105)
SAP/ai-sdk: docs-java/orchestration/chat-completion.mdx

Please find [an example in our Spring Boot application](https://github.com/SAP/ai-sdk-java/tree/main/sample-code/spring-app/src/main/java/com/sap/ai/sdk/app/services/OrchestrationService.java)

## Translation

Translate the input or output to [any supported language](https://help.sap.com/docs/translation-hub/sap-translation-hub/supported-languages?version=Cloud#translation-provider-sap-machine-translation).
The following sample will translate the prompt in English, send it to the LLM, and then translate the output to German.

```java
var prompt = new OrchestrationPrompt("Quelle est la couleur de la tour Eiffel?");

var configWithTranslation =
    config
        .withInputTranslationConfig(
            SAPDocumentTranslation.create()
                .type(SAP_DOCUMENT_TRANSLATION)
                .config(SAPDocumentTranslationConfig.create().targetLanguage("en-US")))
        .withOutputTranslationConfig(
            SAPDocumentTranslation.create()
                .type(SAP_DOCUMENT_TRANSLATION)
                .config(SAPDocumentTranslationConfig.create().targetLanguage("de-DE")));

var response = client.chatCompletion(prompt, configWithTranslation);
```

> You can also optionally specify the source language, **the source-target pair has to be in the [list](https://github.com/SAP/ai-sdk-java/tree/main/sample-code/spring-app/src/main/java/com/sap/ai/sdk/app/services/OrchestrationService.java).**

Author: ```suggestion
You can also optionally specify the source language, **the source-target pair has to be in the [list](https://help.sap.com/docs/translation-hub/sap-translation-hub/supported-languages?version=Cloud#translation-provider-sap-machine-translation).**
```
